You are a warm waste in front of the station.
You actually want to save Miss Ruan.
Do you want Miss Soft to fall in love with you?
Then you can be very smart about your pure ball dream.
None of you want to believe the truth.
It will be too late to regret later. Even if he gets into trouble, he still knows how to beg Dongben for mercy.
If you're afraid, don't do it. Fortunately, Lord Dongshu did not forget the villain's fault and let you go.
Let's go. Don't let him get in the car with us,
Let him go on his own and let's go have a wander.
That's enough. Zhan Tianchen,
I hope you understand what you're dealing with.
The more you express yourself.
I know the core grandpa of Judgment
You asked me to protect the Lin family
Just pay whatever
Did you really do the right thing?
You guys are staying at the Frontier Hotel today.
I'll look for it tomorrow
That's the gap
If it's Tiancheng
I definitely can't afford to live like this
Not to mention a hotel that is too sexy
No, we checked in, Ms. Lin
The Dragon King appreciates your ability
hope tomorrow night
I can invite you to the Imperial Club
Let’s talk about cooperation
Able to watch the Winter King
It's my Lin family's luck. I understand.
Be sure to arrive at Sister Tang on time
I understand, go with you, Master
King Potaidon has been checked
All illegal educational products
They are all in the so-called underground affairs of the Juhang Association
Do you want to take action?
I will hold up King Potaidon
You have to act quickly
No more defective products
There is no way for him to harm the country of China